purchase_order_secondary_unit/README.rst, before:

=============================
Purchase Order Secondary Unit
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/purchase_order_secondary_unit
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-13-0/purchase-workflow-13-0-purchase_order_secondary_unit
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the functionality of purchase orders to allow buy products
in secondary unit of distinct category.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module you need to:

#. Go to a *Product > General Information tab*.
#. Create any record in "Secondary unit of measure".
#. Set the conversion factor.
#. Go to *Purchase > Quotation > Create*.
#. Change quantities in line and secondary unit (produc_qty will be change).

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20purchase_order_secondary_unit%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Sergio Teruel <sergio.teruel@tecnativa.com>
* Nikul Chaudhary <nikulchaudhary2112@gmail.com>
* Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/purchase-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/13.0/purchase_order_secondary_unit>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] purchase_order_secondary_unit: Migration to 14.0

purchase_order_secondary_unit/README.rst, after:

=============================
Purchase Order Secondary Unit
=============================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpurchase--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/purchase_order_secondary_unit
    :alt: OCA/purchase-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/purchase-workflow-14-0/purchase-workflow-14-0-purchase_order_secondary_unit
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/142/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module extends the functionality of purchase orders to allow buy products
in secondary unit of distinct category.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module you need to:

#. Go to a *Product > General Information tab*.
#. Create any record in "Secondary unit of measure".
#. Set the conversion factor.
#. Go to *Purchase > Quotation > Create*.
#. Change secondary qty and secondary uom in line, and quantity (product_qty) will be changed (according to the conversion factor).

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20purchase_order_secondary_unit%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Sergio Teruel <sergio.teruel@tecnativa.com>
* Nikul Chaudhary <nikulchaudhary2112@gmail.com>
* Pimolnat Suntian <pimolnats@ecosoft.co.th>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/purchase-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/purchase-workflow/tree/14.0/purchase_order_secondary_unit>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
